Mobile (#105)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: docs/guide/walletconnect.md

# WalletConnect

You can use MetaMask mobile as a signer while using applications on another browser, desktop, or mobile application with WalletConnect.

> For a dapp developer, they wouldn’t need to do anything other than use our “official” qrcode-modal which already includes MetaMask deep linking

Reviewer: For a dapp developer, they wouldn’t need to do anything other than use **their** “official” qrcode-modal which already includes MetaMask deep linking

> For a dapp developer, they wouldn’t need to do anything other than use our “official” qrcode-modal which already includes MetaMask deep linking

Author: ```suggestion
If your dapp supports Wallet Connect's official qrcode-modal, then your users can already use MetaMask Mobile for scanning the QR code and signing.
```
